Add chrome args (#73)
pa11y/pa11y-webservice: README.md

Configurations
--------------

> Pa11y Webservices will load configuration options first from environment variables, then from a configuration file (if present).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both environment variables _and_ a configuration file are present, the settings in the configuration file will override the environment variables.
```

### cron
*(string)* A crontab which describes when to generate reports for each task in the application. Set via a config file or the `CRON` environment variable.

### chromeLaunchConfig (config file only)

> *(object)* An object that is passed to pa11y for its (`chromeLaunchConfig`)[https://github.com/pa11y/pa11y#chromelaunchconfig-object].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*(object)* Launch options for the Headless Chrome instance. See the [`chromeLaunchConfig`](https://github.com/pa11y/pa11y#chromelaunchconfig-object) documentation for configuration options.
```

> This configuration option is not available through environment variables, only from a configuration file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration option isn't available when you're using environment variables. [Use a JSON configuration file](https://github.com/pa11y/pa11y-webservice#option-2-using-config-files) if you need to pass these parameters. 
```
